OKTA-452179 Tuscany nut facts cleanup for org-setup/ and run-samples/ pages (#2895)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-run-samples/main/index.md

<ApiLifecycle access="ie" /><br>
<ApiLifecycle access="Limited GA" /><br>

<StackSelector />

> This guide covers how you can run the embedded Okta Identity Engine SDK or Sign-In Widget sample app, after you have successfully [created and set up your Okta org](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-org-setup/) and [downloaded and set up the SDK](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-download-setup-app).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide covers how you can run the embedded Okta Identity Engine SDK or Sign-In Widget sample app after you successfully [create and set up your Okta org](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-org-setup/) and [download and set up the SDK](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-download-setup-app).
```
